garmin-grafana/README.md, before:

# Garmin-Grafana

This directory contains the configuration for a set of services that fetches data from Garmin Connect, stores it in InfluxDB, and visualizes it with Grafana.

## Services

-   **garmin-fetch-data**: A service that fetches data from Garmin Connect.
-   **influxdb**: An InfluxDB database for storing Garmin Connect data.
-   **grafana**: A Grafana instance for visualizing the data.

## How to start

1.  Create a `.env` file based on the `.env.example` file.
2.  Set the `GARMINCONNECT_EMAIL` and `GARMINCONNECT_PASSWORD` (Base64 encoded) variables in the `.env` file.
3.  **If you have 2FA enabled:** You must authenticate manually once to generate the session tokens.
    ```bash
    docker-compose run --rm garmin-fetch-data
    ```
    Enter your 2FA code when prompted. The tokens will be saved to the `garminconnect_tokens` volume.
4.  Run `docker-compose up -d` to start the application.

## Setup & Access

After starting the application, you can access the Grafana web interface at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

-   **User**: `admin`
-   **Password**: `admin`

Configure a new data source for InfluxDB (URL: `http://influxdb:8086`, Database: `GarminStats`) and import the dashboards.

## Historical Data Download (Bulk Import)

To download old history, use the `MANUAL_START_DATE` variable. This will fetch data in reverse chronological order from the current date (or `MANUAL_END_DATE`) back to the start date.

```bash
docker-compose run --rm -e MANUAL_START_DATE=YYYY-MM-DD garmin-fetch-data
```

**Options:**
-   `MANUAL_END_DATE=YYYY-MM-DD`: Optional end date (defaults to today).
-   `FETCH_SELECTION=...`: Limit what data is fetched (e.g., `activity,sleep`).

*Note: Garmin archives intraday data older than 6 months, so very old detailed data (HR, sleep stages) might be missing unless manually refreshed in the Garmin Connect app.*

Commit message:

Change: Added persistent path to store OAuth tokens.

garmin-grafana/README.md, after:

# Garmin-Grafana

This directory contains the configuration for a set of services that fetches data from Garmin Connect, stores it in InfluxDB, and visualizes it with Grafana.

## Services

-   **garmin-fetch-data**: A service that fetches data from Garmin Connect.
-   **influxdb**: An InfluxDB database for storing Garmin Connect data.
-   **grafana**: A Grafana instance for visualizing the data.

## How to start

1.  Create a `.env` file based on the `.env.example` file.
2.  Set the `GARMINCONNECT_EMAIL` and `GARMINCONNECT_PASSWORD` (Base64 encoded) variables in the `.env` file.
3.  **If you have 2FA enabled:** You must authenticate manually once to generate the session tokens.
    ```bash
    docker-compose run --rm garmin-fetch-data
    ```
    Enter your 2FA code when prompted. The tokens will be saved to the `./garminconnect_tokens` folder.

    > **Server Console (Komodo/Portainer):**
    > If you can SSH into your server but don't know where Komodo stores the stack files:
    > 1. Create a permanent directory for tokens: `mkdir -p /opt/garmin/tokens`
    > 2. Run the generator manually, mounting this directory:
    >    ```bash
    >    docker run --rm -it -v /opt/garmin/tokens:/home/appuser/.garminconnect thisisarpanghosh/garmin-fetch-data:latest
    >    ```
    > 3. Enter your 2FA code.
    > 4. In Komodo/Portainer, configure your stack's "Environment Variables" to set the `GARMINCONNECT_TOKENS` variable to the path of the tokens folder.

4.  Run `docker-compose up -d` to start the application.

## Setup & Access

After starting the application, you can access the Grafana web interface at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

-   **User**: `admin`
-   **Password**: `admin`

Configure a new data source for InfluxDB (URL: `http://influxdb:8086`, Database: `GarminStats`) and import the dashboards.

## Historical Data Download (Bulk Import)

To download old history, use the `MANUAL_START_DATE` variable. This will fetch data in reverse chronological order from the current date (or `MANUAL_END_DATE`) back to the start date.

```bash
docker-compose run --rm -e MANUAL_START_DATE=YYYY-MM-DD garmin-fetch-data
```

**Options:**
-   `MANUAL_END_DATE=YYYY-MM-DD`: Optional end date (defaults to today).
-   `FETCH_SELECTION=...`: Limit what data is fetched (e.g., `activity,sleep`).

*Note: Garmin archives intraday data older than 6 months, so very old detailed data (HR, sleep stages) might be missing unless manually refreshed in the Garmin Connect app.*
